Improve Convert to Base Nodes (#1309)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2020.md

  - New Features
    - macOS and Windows: Added support for Python 3.8.

>     - Added a 'Convert Root to Base Node(s)' option in the context menu to convert a PROTO node in base node(s) without converting the nested PROTO nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added a 'Convert Root to Base Node' option in the context menu to convert a PROTO node to a base node without converting the nested PROTO nodes.
```

>     - Added a 'Convert Root to Base Node(s)' option in the context menu to convert a PROTO node in base node(s) without converting the nested PROTO nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added a 'Convert Root to Base Node(s)' option in the context menu to convert a PROTO node to base node(s) without converting the nested PROTO nodes.
```
